As part of the R\&D team, my role was to transform lofty, unachievable and vague
business ideas and transform them into tangible solutions and turn them into reality.
Apart from that I also intensively worked in building crafty automation solutions
mainly for the administration and management of Microsoft SQL Server and Azure Cloud Storage.
My role also encompassed building internal tools that ease the development processes in the
organisation.
Due to my passion and knowledge of linux, i also guided the system administrators in the
organisation to solve critical linux issues that risked hours of system downtime and loss
of data and code.
Due to my passion and curiosity of programming languages, my role also encompassed
researching about technologies that aren't utilised in the organisation.
Because of this, I was able to learn and develop an intuitive and feature-rich installation wizards
for windows applications in an esoteric and then unknown language to me i.e. Pascal.
Due to my adaptability, vision, and grasping power, i was also able to co-design scalable and robust
system infrastructure for high-frequency high-traffic products from the ground up with the head of
r&d in an exclusive team of 3.



- As a part of the R\&D Department, I transformed ambitious buiness ideas
into clear and actionable solutions, forming a bridge between vision and reality.
- Co-designed robust and scalable system infrastructure for high-frequency,
high-traffic products from the ground up, collaborating with the Head of R\&D
in an exclusive three-person team.
- Demonstrated exceptional adaptability by picking up new programming languages and
skills required to drive the objective at hand to completion. For instance, independently
acquired the skill to program in Pascal to build user-friendly and intuitive
Windows installation wizards.
- Relied on my passion and knowledge of linux to guide system administrators in
resolving critical issues, preventing potential data loss and system downtime.
- Built efficient automation solutions and internal tools to streamline 
certain administrative and management tasks for the Microsoft SQL Server
and Azure Cloud Storage.
















